XT.COM Announcement on Launching PCER(PCER)
 XT Support
5 days ago Updated
Dear XTers,

 

We are honored to announce that PCER(PCER) will be listed on XT.COM. PCER/USDT trading pair will be opened in Main Zone(MEMEs). Please take note of the following go-live schedule:

Deposit: 08: 00 on September 28, 2022 (UTC)
Trading: 08: 00 on September 29, 2022 (UTC)
Withdrawal: 08: 00 on September 30, 2022 (UTC)
 

[Token PCER]

The climate crisis is the most important topic of our time. If global reduction of carbon emission is not implemented, we would be confronted with global warming, sea level rising, deforestation, soil erosion, salinization, and inundation caused by high temperatures that are 2 to 6 times higher than the current level. It is highly likely to cause environmental changes such as desertification, desertification, etc., resulting in the occurrence of climate refugees and a serious international conflict.
The international community shares the risks and opportunities of the negative impact of climate change on national security and society as a whole, and reduces carbon emissions through the adoption of the Paris Climate Agreement and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in 2015, and responds to climate change by reducing carbon emissions. We are looking for a transition to the economy.

The international community is making investment decisions in consideration of the environmental and social impacts of large-scale development projects, and the trend is to ban financial support from policy financial institutions for coal power generation projects. It provides criteria for determining 'sustainable investment' and requests that companies fully consider climate change-related risks in the decision-making process and disclose environmental/social/governance (ESG) information. In particular, as the scale of sustainable investment is expanding around the world, not only financial companies and institutions, but also general companies are increasing their investment in eco-friendly businesses through green bonds.

In line with the needs and needs of the times, pCER is a distributed energy system that has moved away from large-scale energy production, the use of personal electric vehicle charging facilities, energy futures and options trading system, global single greenhouse gas emission trading system, and various environmental technology projects. This project was launched to build a platform incorporating Block-chain technology.

Website: https://www.pcer.io/

Blockchain Browser: https://tronscan.org/#/token20/TYc7F88nsRH1zRNB8rorysGdj8D7bDTJfq

Whitepaper Link: https://www.pcer.io/index#WP-Download

 

Risk warning:

PCER is a newly-listed token and its initial price may suffer huge fluctuations, causing partial or total losses. Before trading, please have a full understanding of all the risks in investing in digital assets and be prudent in your own decisions.
All information displayed on XT.COM does not constitute investment advice. XT.COM does not take responsibility for any direct or indirect losses resulted. XT.COM does not assume responsibility for guarantees or compensation for depositing or locking positions.

Thank you for your support!
XT.COM Team
September 23, 2022


Trade on the go with XT.COM ’s mobile crypto trading app:

https://www.xt.com/app

Find us on

Telegram: https://t.me/XTsupport_EN

Twitter: https://twitter.com/XTexchange

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/XT.comexchange

 

XT.COM reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, or remove portions of the announcement at any time by posting the amended version on the website.

Was this article helpful?
 
9 out of 9 found this helpful
Have more questions? Submit a request
Related articles
XT.COM Announcement on Launching RTF(RTF Token)
XT.COM Announcement on Launching OP Perpetual Contract
XT.COM Announcement on Launching ZCX(ZEN Exchange Token)
XT.COM Announcement on the Resumption of QIE（QI）
Forward The Foundation: XT.COM Celebrates 4th Founding Anniversary