Title: Project Rundown Article with Chainflix 

What is Chainflix? 

To simply put - Chainflix is a blockchain based video streaming platform. It is a platform which gives power to content creators and viewers.

Chainflix¡¯s main components?

Blockchain Technology:
Smart Contracts,
CHAINFLIX CFX Coin,
POA & POV Algorithms.

Why did we make Chainflix? 

The Blockchain Technology has recently been taking some massive leaps forward. For example, the largest bank in United States, JP Morgan Chase announced their own cryptocurrency earlier this year and Facebook, which has more than 2 billion active users worldwide, is developing its own cryptocurrency and it¡¯s expected to go live next year. There are many other similar stories all proving that cryptocurrency market is only getting bigger. Blockchain is making a positive change in many industries and in many cases, it is being used as an alternative to existing technologies.

Blockchain technology can also benefit the video media market. Let¡¯s look at the current state of video media market. it is far from perfect. Current platform service providers are dealing with overly high cost of operation, while content creators, advertisers and viewers are complaining about the one-way operation by the platform service providers. Video creators receive insuf&#64257;cient pro&#64257;t and advertising expenses are in&#64258;ated due to intermediaries and fraud. Viewers are the main factor for the success of the platform, yet they get no benefit for watching forced ads. We made Chainflix to solve the issues of current video media market.

We are solving these issues by rewarding users for watching videos, helping advertisers save on the cost of intermediaries with transparent statistics and accurate data. We are not trying to replace any existing platforms.
So going forth into 2019 and beyond, how will your project make an impact in the crypto space, or on the world? 

We believe our platform will disrupt and revolutionize how we share videos. Many people still do not know much about Blockchain, and some do not even want to bother learning. There are many benefits to cryptocurrency, and, by extension, blockchain technology. It has unparalleled levels of transparency and security, and smart contracts are already beginning to revolutionize a number of different industries around the globe, from healthcare to supply chain management. 

With Chainflix, we will bring more people into the Blockchain world! Users simply need to sign up and start enjoying the videos. The crypto wallet is automatically created upon signing up, and once users start to earn coins, they will have incentives to learn how to transfer and/or sell coins.

When users realize that they have the ultimate power, that¡¯s when it will all start. Crypto space will be impacted once more and more users start actively using our platform. The content creators and viewers will be able to make profits by selling Chainflix¡¯s CFX coins and advertisers will be able to promote on the platform by buying our coins on exchanges. By being listed on multiple exchanges and having a large trade volume, Crypto world will know about our project. Many crypto enthusiasts will be surprised on how Chainflix utilizes the blockchain technology. 

Thank you Mr. Oh! Now, could you tell us about your accomplishments so far, and in the history of the project, please tell us what you are most proud of.

We¡¯ve already established partnerships with more than 50 worldwide content providers in Korea,China, Vietnam and Mexico, which are broadcasting companies and content providers.We are proud of ourselves when they say Chainflix must be a revolutionary solution to solve the current media industry problems, boost and vitalize the media market by restructuring it.

What we are the proudest about?  
I am proud of many things, like my team, but we, as a team, are the proudest about coming up with an idea for this platform. We are not trying to replicate any existing services. Our platform will be one of a kind. 
What is the most noticeable thing about your project? Perhaps it can be something you developed or something you achieved. The most noticeable thing about our project is ¡°the media player-based coin mining system¡± developed and patented by us (patent pending). It is simply a media player that enables users to mine coins by simply watching videos. Viewers are awarded a part of coins they mine while watching videos, also get a portion of coins bought by the advertisers and paid under a smart-contract system for the advertising, as a reward for watching targeted ads.
Now, give us a quick rundown of the future of the project. For example, what are you seeking to bring to life and what will it mean for the overall project? Once the platform goes live everything mentioned earlier will roll out. We also plan to add new features to the platform. These features are meant to make the platform even better. 
Tell us about your team. Who¡¯re the people behind the screens? Our team consists of highly motivated and experienced individuals who believe in success of this project. It will be time consuming to introduce the whole team but each team member has expertise in his or her field. Since we are utilizing the blockchain technology, our team has a strong blockchain background. For example, our CTO is focusing on solution development in blockchain and related technologies such as Ethereum, Crypto currencies, smart contracts while running his own mining pool which has 900 concurrent miners.
Which partnerships have you engaged so far, and which ones are the most impactful?

We have made number of impactful partnerships such as NTD, SEN TV, MTN,etc.
NTD is a media platform which has 200 million viewers outside of China and it is a very powerful media to Chinese and SEN TV, MTN are Korean economic broadcasting TV channels which already have 3 million subscribers respectively. They are willing to support, promote and advertise Chainflix on their media channels.
website or read your important documents like your white paper, what are the links they need to visit? Please list them below. http://www.chainflix.net/SNS channels:Telegram: https://t.me/ChainflixFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/chainflix1/LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainflix/Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/chainflix/So if people would like to try out CHAINFLIX or simply obtain your currency, where is the best place for people to start acquiring your currency? 

If people would like to try out our platform, they will have a chance soon! We will launch a beta version of the platform before end of the year. Follow us on our social media for the announcements.

As for obtaining Chainflix coins, the best place to acquire our coins is Chainflix platform! By simply enjoying the videos, users can earn coins. The second-best place to acquire our coins is exchanges! We are working on being listed on major crypto currency exchanges. Users will be able to easily buy Chainflix coins from number of exchanges. 
Thank you so much for your time, Mr. Oh! Do you have anything to add before we finish?
We are working really hard on this project and we truly believe that our platform will revolutionize the video media market.